Add missing OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD for both apt/deb and yum/rpm (#7079)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/debian.md

### Install OpenSearch from a package

1. Download the Debian package for the desired version directly from the [OpenSearch downloads page](https://opensearch.org/downloads.html){:target='\_blank'}. The Debian package can be downloaded for both **x64** and **arm64** architectures.

> 1. From the CLI, install using `dpkg`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the CLI, install the package using `dpkg`:
```

1. Download the Debian package for the desired version directly from the [OpenSearch downloads page](https://opensearch.org/downloads.html){:target='\_blank'}. The Debian package can be downloaded for both **x64** and **arm64** architectures.
1. From the CLI, install using `dpkg`.

>    For OpenSearch 2.12 and greater, a custom admin password is required in order to set up a security demo configuration for new installation. To set a custom admin password, use one the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration. Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:
```

Reviewer 3: Added now.

>    For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration. Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a demo security configuration. Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:
```

   ```bash
   # x64
   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> dpkg -i opensearch-{{site.opensearch_version}}-linux-x64.deb
   
   # arm64
   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> dpkg -i opensearch-{{site.opensearch_version}}-linux-arm64.deb
   ```

>    For OpenSearch versions before 2.12:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use one of the following commands for OpenSearch versions 2.12 and earlier:
```

1. Choose the version of OpenSearch you want to install: 
   - Unless otherwise indicated, the latest available version of OpenSearch is installed.

   ```bash

>    # For OpenSearch 2.12 and greater, a custom admin password is required in order to set up a security demo configuration for new installation. To set a custom admin password, use one the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration. Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:
```

Reviewer 3: Added now.

   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> apt-get install opensearch

   # For OpenSearch versions before 2.12:
   sudo apt-get install opensearch
   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

   - To install a specific version of OpenSearch:

   ```bash
   # Specify the version manually using opensearch=<version>

>    # For OpenSearch 2.12 and greater, a custom admin password is required in order to set up a security demo configuration for new installation. To set a custom admin password, use one the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration. Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:
```

Reviewer 3: Added now.

1. Choose the version of OpenSearch you want to install: 
   - Unless otherwise indicated, the latest available version of OpenSearch is installed.

   ```bash

>    # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a demo security configuration.
```

>    # Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:

Reviewer: Global: Please confirm proper formatting (Should there be so many `#` in the examples?).

   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> apt-get install opensearch

   # For OpenSearch versions before 2.12:
   sudo apt-get install opensearch
   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

   - To install a specific version of OpenSearch:

   ```bash
   # Specify the version manually using opensearch=<version>

>    # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a demo security configuration.
```

   # Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:
   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> apt-get install opensearch={{site.opensearch_version}}

>    # For OpenSearch versions before 2.12:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #  Use one of the following commands for OpenSearch versions 2.12 and earlier:
```
